README.md, before:

# WordPress Auto Update Settings Plugin

Simple plugin to manage Auto Update Settings for WordPress Core, Plugins, Themes and Translations.

###

*NOTE* This is still an early release and has not been throughougly tested. I've been running it on several of my sites now for a while with no issues but please use with caution. Testers very much appreciated.

### Installing

Upload to plugins folder and activate plugin. You can then confgure under the "Settings > Auto Update Settings" menu item.

### Screenshots

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241899-e38b5980-d3b2-11e8-9804-0a894f49176e.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241605-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-8ab0-a2a55c5d6654.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241608-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-82cd-0a627ebf4c6a.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241604-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-9e7c-715e412522e8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241609-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-8bd3-58f1c02fe6c7.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241606-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-878f-909cf65191b3.png)

### To Do

- Add nonce to tabs
- Make sure this plugin meets all WP standards, including for translations, etc.
- Make sure this works with Multi-Site, BuddyPress, WooCommerce, etc.
- Update for compatibility with Gutenberg
- Check for proper permissions/settings that will allow Auto Updates to run. 

### Authors

* **Chrispian H. Burks** - *Initial work* - [Chrispian](https://github.com/chrispian)

Commit message:

Major version rewrite, changed to OOP with Composer autoloader

README.md, after:

# WordPress Auto Update Settings Plugin

Simple plugin to manage Auto Update Settings for WordPress Core, Plugins, Themes and Translations.

###

*NOTE* This is still an early release and has not been throughougly tested. I've been running it on several of my sites now for a while with no issues but please use with caution. Testers very much appreciated.

### Installing

Upload to plugins folder and activate plugin. You can then confgure under the "Settings > Auto Update Settings" menu item.

### Screenshots

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241899-e38b5980-d3b2-11e8-9804-0a894f49176e.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241605-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-8ab0-a2a55c5d6654.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241608-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-82cd-0a627ebf4c6a.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241604-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-9e7c-715e412522e8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241609-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-8bd3-58f1c02fe6c7.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2103510/47241606-f0f41400-d3b1-11e8-878f-909cf65191b3.png)

### To Do

- Add nonce to tabs
- Make sure this plugin meets all WP standards, including for translations, etc.
- Make sure this works with Multi-Site, BuddyPress, WooCommerce, etc.
- Check for proper permissions/settings that will allow Auto Updates to run. 
- Improve on OOP implementation, more separation of code/html, don't uses singleton instance, etc.

### Authors

* **Chrispian H. Burks** - *Initial work* - [Chrispian](https://github.com/chrispian)
